Ancestry

Family Line

Parents

Age 1
Victor is born in the prison city of Wheloon in Cormyr.

Age 10
By age ten, Victor had learned the value that charismatic words and quick wits held in the rough prison city of Wheloon.  Victor was of average size for his age and if pressed could hold his own in a one on one fight with other boy's his age. As could most kids in Wheloon. However, even odds were rare in the prison city and a quick tongue or simple tactical advantages helped Victor and his friends survive the streets.

This understanding led Victor to seek out a strong bond with some of the other Whelunian-born children. He knew instinctually that his survival in Wheloon depended on developing strong bonds with others. These bonds would be something that most in the city didn't have and having something others didn't have could be turned into an advantage. Ultimately, Victor formed the strongest bonds with three other boys, all were about Victor's age.

Alex: Victor's closest friend. Alex is of medium build with stark white hair.  Prior to the king decreeing Wheloon be sealed, Alex's father was a swordsmith of some note even beyond Wheloon. This status continued behind the walls leaving Alex, his mother and three older sisters relatively sheltered from the harshest realities of Wheloon the prison city.

Both Alex and Victor developed a keen interest in all things blades and bonded over hours of conversations about either Alex's father's latest work or the latest top prized sword offered for sale by the black market merchants that routinely smuggled such goods into the city.

Connor: Even in Victor's earliest memory of his friend, Connor was always bald.  The fiery human, was regularly rumored to actually be of Half-Orc blood. A rumor perpetuated by the legacy of his deceased father and the overall surliness and toughness of Connor's mother.  Connor's father died in a bar fight the night of the boy's birth. Some even claim that the mortal blow was struck at the exact instant of Connor's first breath.  Connor's bald head was an appearance established by his mother who's main desire for her son was to establish the perception that he was a soul not to be trifled with.  In her mind, this was the best she could do to keep the city from claiming the life of her son like it had claimed his father's. Well that and the constant physical attacks she levied on the boy in order to "toughen him up" and "make his skin like stone" and "steel his gaze". The most insane example was when, on his 8th birthday, Connor's mother branded the boy's left check leaving an imposing mark that would caste the boy as Whelunian-born for the rest of his days. While similar brands where not uncommon in the city, wearing one so young and on one's face was reserved for only the most troubled and volatile citizens.

This strategy of upbringing appeared to work, but only on the less imposing children Connor's age.  More brave and uninhibited peers and even some older kids saw challenging Connor as a way to prove their dominance.   Constant street brawls and alley fights are what truly fed and developed Connor's rage… not the "preparation" from his mother.

Rolen: Rolen's elven bloodline can be traced back to the God's Grove that preceded the founding of Wheloon. However, as the city grew, most elves left the area for Hermit's Woods or the King's Forest.  This fact makes Elves an extreme minority in Wheloon. During his youth, Rolen's family was routinely subjected to cruel and demeaning attention from most of the prison city's inhabitants. Rolen's mother and younger sister bore the brunt of the abuse. On a good day they merely encountered endless catcalls when venturing from their home. While, on a bad day it was… worse. Rolan's father was not an imposing man and struggled to protect his family from the constant abuse, usually failing to put up much resistance against the brutish men who ran the Whelunian streets. By the time he was old enough to understand the reality of his family's standing in the prison city, Rolen, while similarly unimposing, placed much blame on his father for their situation. Vowing to garner the respect of the rest of the Wheloon population and grant his sister's some peace, Rolen followed Victor, Alex and Connor.  These boys were the only of his peers that didn't treat him differently and Rolen figured that some of Victor's charisma, Alex's skill with a sword and Connor's sheer force of will and rage would rub off on him eventually.

Age 16
Victor, Alex, Connor and Rolen develop a gang to protect each other. Moral grey time.
As the boys aged the routine of life on the Whelunian streets strengthened their bond. Their role's in each street fight quickly became like second nature to each of them.  Alex's swordplay generally drew the attention of their foes while Rolen's natural ability with a bow gave them an advantage against most of the gangs of brutes they encountered. Fighting side by side with Alex was Victor. While his skill with a blade was outmatched by Alex's. Victor was able to see openings and tactical advantages that none of his friends could. Meanwhile Connor was the wild card of the group. Wary at the beginning of most of the group's battles, once Connor saw blood drawn on any of his friends his rage took over and the blood draw was returned tenfold on their enemies even if the fight brought Connor to within inches of his life. What Alex achieved in artful kills Connor matched in sheet body count.

The group only battled those who sought to kill them and never struck out at anyone who hadn't wronged them or their families.  In fact they often fought to aid others in the city. If an artisan friend of Alex's father was being bullied by a gang the friends would put an end to it… if Victor's words failed their blades and bows didn't.


Age 25
By sheer luck, Victor and some of his gang have a chance to escape Wheloon. The thought of life outside the prison city hadn't occurred to any of them. However, given the opening to leave Wheloon the group bolts for the nearby Hermit's Woods.

Age 30
Victor and his small band of friends have made a life in Hermit's Woods and avoid attention as much as possible

Age 34
The group of friend venture out of Corymr and to the Sword Coast in search of…?

Age 35
Victor's friends die at the hands of an Owlbear.  Victor is diseased after their most recent adventure on the road.  He is held up by bandits on the road and encounters a new band of heroes.


References
http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/Wheloon
http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20081014082235/forgottenrealms/images/9/95/Cormyr_-_1479_DR_copy.jpg
http://images.wikia.com/forgottenrealms/images/f/f2/Wheloon.jpg

