Belches Flies. Once per day, the demon can use an action to belch enough flies to create an effect as though it cast fog cloud. 
Tiny Wings. The demon gains a flying speed of 10 feet. If it could already fly, its flying speed becomes 10 feet. 
Ever-Open Extra Eye. The demon gains advantage on Perception checks related to sight. 
Bleeds Wasps. The first time in each combat the de- mon is reduced to half its hit points or less, a swarm ofinsects (wasps) forms around it. The swarm con- siders creatures other than the demon to be enemies. 
Extra Arm. The demon gains advantage on Sleight of Hand checks. 
Enormous Ears. The demon gains advantage on Per- ception checks to hear sounds. 
Silver Bones. The demon's natural weapons are con- sidered silvered. 
Snake Hair. Creatures that grapple the demon or are grappled by it are poisoned until the grapple ends. 
Endlessly Mumbling Second Mouth. The demon suf- fers disadvantage on Stealth checks against creatures that can hear. 
Huge Feet. The demon suffers disadvantage on Stealth, Athletics, and Acrobatics checks when they involve moving its feet. 
Translucent Skin. The demon's skin is s limy and translucent. It has advantage on attempts to escape a grapple. 
Oily Boils. Each time the demon takes bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing damage, the area within 5 feet of it becomes difficult terrain until the end of the de- mon's next turn. 
Thick Lead Skull. The demon can't use telepathy or be contacted by telepathy. It can't be charmed, fright- ened, or stunned. 
Worm Tongue. The demon can't speak any language.
Head Hands. The demon has heads where its hands should be and uses the heads' mouths to manipulate objects. Ifthe demon had claw attacks, they become bite attacks that deal piercing damage. 
Blimp Body. The demon can float at will as if under the effect ofthe levitate spell (no concentration re- quired). While it has halfits hit points or less, it loses this ability. 
Immaterial. The demon has resistance to all damage except psychic damage, and all damage it deals is halved. 
Long Arms. The demon's reach is S feet longer than normal. 
Eyeless. The demon is blind. It has blindsight with a radius of 60 feet. 
Vestigial Demon. A miniature vestigial twin ofthe demon grows from its body. The demon can't be blinded, deafened, or stunned. 