Session 2

Lore
City is called Virgin's Capital.
Helga is a sea hag living in a fountain.
Cherry the succubus guard.

The party
Skyward is a halfling rogue.
Tava is a water-genasi fighter?
Sebastian is a talking cat played by the DM
Seren(Syfer) Tall human male ashen grey hair not old blue eyes, chainmail dark sword almost dripping.

The Guilds
Merchant's renown will earn a lot of gold
Acolytes renown will curry divine intervention
Mercenaries renown will gain access to mercenaries
Mages renown will yield spell scrolls
5th (Misc) Guild run out of the Mayor's bar

Items
Vial of Healing costs 25gp heals 1d4+1 HP

We found some horned rabbits in the snow leading up to a nearby mountain.
Attacked them killed about 4 and Sebastian saved us from death by the rest of them.

Session 3

At the market...
"Granny" Smith
Build a Beast
Pets R Us

Hunter was accused of stealing pistols from a dwarven weaponsmith and was chased by the guards.
Tava returned to the inn to grab the true thief.
Both were taken to jail.
Seren bought 10 feathers from Build a Beast.
Tava bought enough materials to make 10 vials of pepper spray.

Session 4 and 5 - I was MIA
Feathers to the mages guild... they didn't like them.
Went back to the market to get more... 
build a beast some gobin was claiming he got bad goods.
Trailed the goblin and grabbed him outside a gambling club in the docks.
Carried him back to the Merchants Guild.
Skyward is under indentured servitude.

Session 6
Tava and Seren get some gold from bringing the gobin to the Merchants Guild
Seren got shorted by the Merchant's Guild and was pissed. Doesn't like the Merchant's Guild.
Dwarf guard named OddGolly GrimJaw - had a book about Lannister.
A cloaked figure killed a kobold guard and broke out a old man water genasi.
I stole the key ring and they killed me... Nat20 the death save.
Gave the ring to Skyward.
Skyward freed a redhaired woman.
Redhaired woman was a mage put out the fire with conjure water. Then cast fireball on accident.
I'm down 1 HP away from perm death. Nat 20 death save.
Taken to the hospital ward and put to sleep.
Tava and Seren check in on us at the jail.
They overhear Theives GUild tried to steal something from a ship.
We got into a fight with some dudes and killed them but kept the leader alive and unconcious.
I took some Scimitars and each fighter's signet ring. Red Dagger in the center of a black circle.
Putting on one of them forces you into Thieve's Guild membership.
Skyward did and stabbed Tava. His shock collar goes off.
Lvl up to 3.

Session 7


