DnD Trap Ideas

—Air Pressure Trap
The greatest trap I ever saw was a series of rooms with sealed doors and a set of waterless spigots beside each door. The spigots had to be turned on and off seemingly at random before the next door would open, and randomly (it seemed) made a "hissing noise, as if from a snake."
The theories regarding what this meant varied wildly, from "some kinda magic, dude" to "there's a teleporting naga in the next room" to "the gm is smiling - let's go back."
We get to a final room and see a bulkhead above us (we're under a lake) and one final door. The party rogue said "I open the door after checking for traps" and had to roll some strength checks because the door seemed to be stuck. Right as he was rolling, I started yelling "wait! Stop!"
The DM saw the rogue's roll was successful. He then said that I was too late, but if I could explain what was about to happen and explain my action as a result I would be allowed a reflex save to avoid... whatever it was.
(Try to figure it out before I go on)
...
...
The spigots were there to control air pressure. Our DM was an ex-navy engineer, and he had slowly put us into a very highly pressurized room without us knowing. I made my reflex save to grab onto the handle of the previous door as the final door opened outwards. The party was blown into the next room onto some spikes on the wall with some waiting skeleton archers nearby with a constant readied action to fire.

—Cheap tricks
Players walk down path looking for traps, proximity trigger opens spike pit, I give the rogue a reflex save to avoid falling in. The pit is narrow enough that it can easily be jumped over. So the rogue does. When he lands on the other side, he actually falls THROUGH the floor into the real spike trap that is concealed by an illuionary fake floor.
The rogue was confused at first as to how he could fall through a stone floor, then when he figured it out, all he could say was "That's dirty!". So from then on, the players would buy poles, or anything and spend a ridiculous amount of time poking and prodding every single place they could just in case I hid illusions anywhere else. It was great.
My other favorite is a room filled with spikes on the roof. What's the player's natural assumption? The spikes fall on them. Wrong. When the players reach the middle a Reverse Gravity spell kicks in. A room wide spike trap.

—Metal Rods
The nastiest trap I've ever seen was a simple room, empty except for a bunch of broken metal rods strewn all over the floor, and what looked like broken-off stumps of the rods sticking out at random angles from the walls, floor, and ceiling. Being the suspicious bunch we were, we summoned a wolf or something and sent it into the room before we entered- a good idea as it turned out, because as soon as the wolf reached the middle of the room, the simple Mending spell that was there triggered. All the rods snapped back to their original (intact) positions, creating a web of metal rods throughout the room, and the poor wolf was impaled on multiple suddenly-whole pieces of metal.
Needless to say, our DM was disappointed that we didn't walk straight into his cleverly-devised trap. We just felt bad for the wolf.

